Programming_Guide_English.md, before:

- [In-Feed Advertisement](#infeed)
  - [Getting Started](#infeed/start)
    - [Registration of Establishment of ad spots](#infeed/start/adspot)
    - [Template of ads unit](#infeed/start/template)
    - [Designation of the ads insert position](#infeed/start/position)
    - [Loading ads](#infeed/start/load)
  - [Additional load of ads](#infeed/additional_load)
  - [Shortening of the title of ads and description](#infeed/title_desc_length)
  - [Customized implementation](#infeed/custom)
    - [Create an instance](#infeed/custom/instance)
    - [Sending ads request](#infeed/custom/load)
    - [Receiving ads content](#infeed/custom/getads)
    - [Ads display](#infeed/custom/display)
    - [Sending notification of ads impression](#infeed/custom/imp)
    - [Additional Loading](#infeed/custom/additional_load)
    - [Example of implementation](#infeed/custom/example)
    - [Attention](#infeed/custom/caution)
  - [Ads parameter](#infeed/parameter)
- [For Using DFP (DoubleClick for Publisher)](#dfp)
  - [In case of nonsynchronous tags](#dfp/async_tag)
  - [In case of synchronized tags](#dfp/sync_tag)
- [Name space](#namespace)
- [Q&A](#qa)
    - [What is meaning of `Instream` in codes?`](#qa/instream)

<a name="infeed"></a>
# In-Feed Advertisement

<a name="infeed/start"></a>
## Getting Started

- Enter the template of ads unit on `head` tag.
Assign the URL of creative material. Insert position of ads text at placeholder.
For introducing In-Feed-Ads, add the wording to disclose that the frame adjacent to ad spots is an advertisement to users (ex. PR or Sponsored).

```html
<script type="text/advs-instream-template" data-adspot-id="MjQzOjIw">
<div class="article">
 <div class="icon">
   <a href="{{click_url}}">
     <img src="{{main_image_url}}" />
   </a>
 </div>

 <div class="contents">
   <h3>{{title}}</h3>
   <p>【PR】{{description}}</p>
   <span class="source">Sponsored</span>
 </div>
</div>
</script>
```

- Create appropriate empty element on ads display position. 
Assign the ad spot ID advancely given by `data-advs-adspot-id` element. 
This element will be replaced with DOM of ads.

```html
<div data-advs-adspot-id="MjQzOjIw" style="display:none"></div>
```

- Call for script for ads.

```html
<script src="http://js.mtburn.com/advs-instream.js"></script>
<script>
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run();
</script>
```

<a name="infeed/start/adspot"></a>
### Registration of Establishment of ad spots

Register ad spots in advance. 
ad spots ID will be given by setting information below.

- Name of ad spots
- Size of ads image
- The number of ads
- Site URL (Store URL for application)

Register ad spots for each displayed format.

**Please kindly contact us for Ad Spots Setup & Settings due to our UI preparation at the moment, however it should be available very soon. Apologies for any inconvenience caused.**

<a name="infeed/start/template"></a>
### Template of ads unit

Describe the DOM structure of ads unit on template. Assign the insert position of ads at placeholder.
Describe placeholder using notation `{{parameter_name}}`

About available parameters, please refer to [here](#infeed/parameter)

<a name="infeed/start/position"></a>
### Designation of the ads insert position

Create appropriate empty element at ads insert position. Assign the ad spot ID given by `data-advs-adspot-id` element. This element will be replaced with the content of ads when loaded.

Assign `display:none` style as element in order not to affect the website display in case of loading failure.

```html
<div data-advs-adspot-id="MjQzOjIw" style="display:none"></div>
```

<a name="infeed/start/load"></a>
### Loading ads

Call for JavaScript code of SDK for loading and processing. Acquire and display ads contentcases after the load of display is completed.

```html
<script src="http://js.mtburn.com/advs-instream.js"></script>
<script>
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run();
</script>
```

<a name="infeed/additional_load"></a>
## Additional load of ads

Additional load of ads is available when user arrives the lower part of website and read extra feed (UI) on feed-typed website.

- Include designating element of ad position, which is the same as initial state on DOM inserted when reading extra feed.

```html
<div data-advs-adspot-id="MjQzOjIw" style="display:none"></div>
```

- Call for `MTBADVS.InStream.Default.reloadAds()` method of SDK after reading extra feed. 
Acquire and display ads cases after calling.

```js
// Example of function called after reading extra feed
function onAdditionalFeedLoaded() {
  // ...

  // Call for “reloadAds” method of SDK
  MTBADVS.InStream.Default.reloadAds();
}
```

<a name="infeed/title_desc_length"></a>
## Shortening of the title of ads and description

Adding the option when ads are called enables to shorten the title of ads and description depending on your website.

This below is an example for description, which has up to 30 letters.

```js
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run({
   description_length: 30
});
```

Latter part of text will be cut off in order to make the description within 30 letters, and ellipsesthree dots leader `...` will be automatically added at the end of sentence. Whole description will be adjusted to make the description within 30 letters including ellipsesthree dots leader.  

These options below are capable to be assigned.

| Name of option | Description | Example of setting | Example of operation result |
|---|---|---|---|
| title_length | Assign the maximum length of title | `5` | `This is title` -> `This...`|
| description_length | Assign the maximum length of description | `10` | `This is description` -> `This is des...`|  

### Editing by callback functions

Giving the callback functions allows you to adjust the length of the string in your optional manner. Callback functions will be called right before displaying ads. The content of ads and location will be given as an argument. At this point, you can describe the process to edit the content. And also, you can edit the number of characters of item according to the position. Callback functions should be given to `before_render` option.  

The following, place `[PR]` at the head of title. The number of characters of ad spots A should be within 30, and ad spots B should be within 40 including ellipses at the end of sentence.

```js
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run({
  before_render: function(ad_info, placement_info) {

    // Insert `[PR]` at the head of the title.
    ad_info.title = '[PR] ' + ad_info.title;

    // Assign the maximum length of description for each ad spots.
    var desc_max_len = 30;
    if (placement_info.adspot_id === 'ADSPOT_A') {
      desc_max_len = 30;
    } else if (placement_info.adspot_id === 'ADSPOT_B') {
      desc_max_len = 40;
    }

    // Keep the number of characters of description within maximum length, and add ellipses at the end of text
    if (ad_info.description.length > desc_max_len) {
      ad_info.description = ad_info.description.substr(0, desc_max_len - 1) + '…';
    }

    // Return the edit result
    return ad_info;
  }
});
```

- Object of ads content will be given for the first argument of `before_render`. Please refer to [ads parameter for object’s property](#infeed/parameter).
- Object of placement position will be given for the second argument of `before_render`. Object’s property is `adspot_id` (ad spots ID).
- As for callback functions, the edited contents of ads object should necessarily be given back by `return`.

<a name="infeed/custom"></a>
## Customized implementation

Using `raw API` of JavaScript SDK, calling and rendering ads are available in the intended timing. Using the following explanation of API, extra implementation is needed.

<a name="infeed/custom/instance"></a>
### Create an instance

Create an instance of controller class to manage ads. Assigning ad spots ID is necessary to have constructor.

```js
var ad_controller = new MTBADVS.InStream.AdController({ adspot_id: 'MjQzOjIw' });
```

<a name="infeed/custom/load"></a>
### Sending ads request

Sending request of ads contents, and then get the information by using `loadAds()` method. Set down callback functions showed as argument after completed.  

The First argument of callback functions is returned error object. If it works well, it returns `null`.

```js
var on_ad_loaded = function(error) {
  if (error) {
    // error handling
  }

  // ...
};

ad_controller.loadAds(on_ad_loaded);
``` 

<a name="infeed/custom/getads"></a>
### Receiving ads content

It is possible to receive ads contents which was got from server by using `loadAds()` by using `getLoadedAds()` method.

```js
var ads = ad_controller.getLoadedAds();
```

A response value of `getLoadedAds()` is as below.

```js
[
  {
    "title": "testAd",
    "description": "This is test ad.”
    "click_url": "http://...",
    "main_image_url": "http://...",
    "icon_image_url": "http://...",
    "ad_id": 123,
  },
  ...
]
```

If you want to know about more details of each parameter, please refer to [clause of ads parameter](#infeed/parameter).

<a name="infeed/custom/display"></a>
### Ads display

You can show ads recieved by using `getLoadedAds()`. It needs to manage display processing.

<a name="infeed/custom/imp"></a>
### Sending notification of ads impression

After showing ads, it is necessary to notice impression by using `notifylmp()` and passing `ad_id` as parameter.

```js
var ad_id = ads[0].ad_id;
ad_controller.notifyImp(ad_id);
```

<a name="infeed/custom/additional_load"></a>
### Additional Loading

You can load more ads contents in case of reloaded feed.

Every time calling for `loadAd()` method, you can get new ads content. `GetLoadedAds()` returns all of ads had been got so far.

It needs to use an controller instance, at first. If you keep using the only one instance, duplicate advertisements are never returned.

<a name="infeed/custom/example"></a>
### Example of implementation

```js
var ad_controller = new MTBADVS.InStream.AdController({ adspot_id: 'MjQzOjIw' });

var on_ad_loaded = function(error) {
  if (error) {
    // Error handling
  }

  // Recieving
  var ads = ad_controller.getLoadedAds();

  ads.forEach(function(ad) {
    // showing ads according to ads content
    ShowAd(ad);

    // Notification of Ads impression
    var ad_id = ad.ad_id;
    ad_controller.notifyImp(ad_id);
  });
};

ad_controller.loadAds(on_ad_loaded);
```

<a name="infeed/custom/caution"></a>
### Attention

- Every time reading pages, get ads contents from server. 
Please refrain from keep using cash that you had got.
- Ads contents you get from server are arranged to profitable order. 
It is better to show superior ads at the top.

<a name="infeed/parameter"></a>
## Ads parameter

| Parameter name | Explanation | Example |
|---|---|---|
| title | title words | `TestAd` |
| description | description | `This is an test ad.` |
| click_url | URL of transition destination when click the ads | `http://click.mtburn.com/…` |
| icon_image_url | URL of icon style of quadrate picture | `http://banner.dspcdn.com/…` |
| main_image_url | URL of banner style rectangular picture | `http://banner.dspcdn.com/…` |
| ad_id | ID of ads content | `123` |

<a name="dfp"></a>
# For Using DFP (DoubleClick for Publisher)

It is possible to deliver through DFP. 
Insert tags you used, because how to implemented tags are different; whether tags are synchronized or not.

<a name="dfp/async_tag"></a>
## In case of nonsynchronous tags

- Add creatives to the order you want, and set the type of creatives `third party`.
- Insert M.T.Burn JavaScript Tag as Creative.
 - Insert JavaScript tags, ads unit template and, empty element that assigns display placement of ads.
 - In addition, it needs to insert CSS for display.
 - Insert click macro of DFP. Insert it accurately, and then it is possible to measure screen transitions and the clicks.

```html
<!--  About reading CSS. It needs to customize. -->
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="http://yourodmain/sampale.css">

<!-- Template od ads unit -->
<script type="text/advs-instream-template" data-adspot-id="NzYzOjEyMg">
  <div class="article">
    <div class="icon">
    // Insert click macro of DFP, and then write down click URL of M.T.Burn just beneath of click macro of DFP.
      <a href="%%CLICK_URL_UNESC%%{{click_url}}" target="_blank">
        <img src="{{icon_image_url}}" />
      </a>
    </div>

    <div class="contents">
      <h3>{{title}}</h3>
      <p>{{description}}</p>
      <span class="source">Sponsored</span>
    </div>
  </div>
</script>

<!-- Assigning display location of ads -->
<div data-advs-adspot-id="NzYzOjEyMg" style="display:none"></div>

<!-- Calling for ads script. -->　
<script src="https://js.mtburn.com/advs-instream.js"></script>
<script>
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run({
  before_render:function(ad_info, placement_info) {
    // You must implement this step in order to connect DFP macro.
    ad_info.click_url = encodeURIComponent(ad_info.click_url);

    // If you want, it needs to implement like wrap up description.
    // It is better to follow the procedure; otherwise the text’s jumbled.
    var desc_max_len = 30;
    if (ad_info.description.length > desc_max_len) {
      ad_info.description = ad_info.description.substr(0, desc_max_len - 1) + '…';
    }

    return ad_info;
  }
});
</script>
```

It needs to read a CSS additionally because of displaying ads in iframe.

<a name="dfp/sync_tag"></a>
## In case of synchronized tags

- Add creatives to the order you want, and set the type of creatives `Tthird party`.
- Insert JavaScript of M.T.Burn as creative.
 - Insert JavaScript such as advertisement unit template, empty element that assigns display placement of advertisement.
 - Insert click macro of DFP. Insert it accurately, and then it is possible to measure screen transitions and clicks.

```html
<!-- Template of ads units. -->
<script type="text/advs-instream-template" data-adspot-id="NzYzOjEyMg">
<div class="article">
  <div class="icon">
    <!-- Insert click macro of DFP, then put click URL of “M.T.Burn” right after -->
    <a href="%%CLICK_URL_UNESC%%{{click_url}}" target="_blank">
      <img src="{{icon_image_url}}" />
    </a>
  </div>

  <div class="contents">
    <h3>{{title}}</h3>
    <p>{{description}}</p>
    <span class="source">Sponsored</span>
  </div>
</div>
</script>

<!-- Assigning display placement of ads. -->
<div data-advs-adspot-id="NzYzOjEyMg" style="display:none"></div>

<!-- Calling for ads script -->
<script src="https://js.mtburn.com/advs-instream.js"></script>
<script>
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run({
  before_render:function(ad_info, placement_info) {
    // You must implement this step in order to connect DFP macro.
    ad_info.click_url = encodeURIComponent(ad_info.click_url);

    // Depending on media, it needs to implement like wrap up description.
    // It is better to follow the procedure; otherwise the text’s jumbled.
    var desc_max_len = 30;
    if (ad_info.description.length > desc_max_len) {
      ad_info.description = ad_info.description.substr(0, desc_max_len - 1) + '…';
    }

    return ad_info;
  }
});
</script>
```

If you use synchronized tags, it doesn’t need to call for style sheets.

<a name="namespace"></a>
# Name space

It creates `MTBADVS` argument just beneath `window` object. Use `MTBADVS` argument, and then global namespace pollution never happens.

<a name="qa"></a>
# Q&A

<a name="qa/instream"></a>
## What is meaning of `Instream` in codes?

It has same role as `In-Feed` in the guide.

Commit message:

add `Display ads faster` section

Programming_Guide_English.md, after:

- [In-Feed Advertisement](#infeed)
  - [Getting Started](#infeed/start)
    - [Registration of Establishment of ad spots](#infeed/start/adspot)
    - [Template of ads unit](#infeed/start/template)
    - [Designation of the ads insert position](#infeed/start/position)
    - [Loading ads](#infeed/start/load)
  - [Additional load of ads](#infeed/additional_load)
  - [Shortening of the title of ads and description](#infeed/title_desc_length)
  - [Display ads faster](#infeed/immediately_option)
  - [Customized implementation](#infeed/custom)
    - [Create an instance](#infeed/custom/instance)
    - [Sending ads request](#infeed/custom/load)
    - [Receiving ads content](#infeed/custom/getads)
    - [Ads display](#infeed/custom/display)
    - [Sending notification of ads impression](#infeed/custom/imp)
    - [Additional Loading](#infeed/custom/additional_load)
    - [Example of implementation](#infeed/custom/example)
    - [Attention](#infeed/custom/caution)
  - [Ads parameter](#infeed/parameter)
- [For Using DFP (DoubleClick for Publisher)](#dfp)
  - [In case of nonsynchronous tags](#dfp/async_tag)
  - [In case of synchronized tags](#dfp/sync_tag)
- [Name space](#namespace)
- [Q&A](#qa)
    - [What is meaning of `Instream` in codes?`](#qa/instream)

<a name="infeed"></a>
# In-Feed Advertisement

<a name="infeed/start"></a>
## Getting Started

- Enter the template of ads unit on `head` tag.
Assign the URL of creative material. Insert position of ads text at placeholder.
For introducing In-Feed-Ads, add the wording to disclose that the frame adjacent to ad spots is an advertisement to users (ex. PR or Sponsored).

```html
<script type="text/advs-instream-template" data-adspot-id="MjQzOjIw">
<div class="article">
 <div class="icon">
   <a href="{{click_url}}">
     <img src="{{main_image_url}}" />
   </a>
 </div>

 <div class="contents">
   <h3>{{title}}</h3>
   <p>【PR】{{description}}</p>
   <span class="source">Sponsored</span>
 </div>
</div>
</script>
```

- Create appropriate empty element on ads display position. 
Assign the ad spot ID advancely given by `data-advs-adspot-id` element. 
This element will be replaced with DOM of ads.

```html
<div data-advs-adspot-id="MjQzOjIw" style="display:none"></div>
```

- Call for script for ads.

```html
<script src="http://js.mtburn.com/advs-instream.js"></script>
<script>
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run();
</script>
```

<a name="infeed/start/adspot"></a>
### Registration of Establishment of ad spots

Register ad spots in advance. 
ad spots ID will be given by setting information below.

- Name of ad spots
- Size of ads image
- The number of ads
- Site URL (Store URL for application)

Register ad spots for each displayed format.

**Please kindly contact us for Ad Spots Setup & Settings due to our UI preparation at the moment, however it should be available very soon. Apologies for any inconvenience caused.**

<a name="infeed/start/template"></a>
### Template of ads unit

Describe the DOM structure of ads unit on template. Assign the insert position of ads at placeholder.
Describe placeholder using notation `{{parameter_name}}`

About available parameters, please refer to [here](#infeed/parameter)

<a name="infeed/start/position"></a>
### Designation of the ads insert position

Create appropriate empty element at ads insert position. Assign the ad spot ID given by `data-advs-adspot-id` element. This element will be replaced with the content of ads when loaded.

Assign `display:none` style as element in order not to affect the website display in case of loading failure.

```html
<div data-advs-adspot-id="MjQzOjIw" style="display:none"></div>
```

<a name="infeed/start/load"></a>
### Loading ads

Call for JavaScript code of SDK for loading and processing. Acquire and display ads contentcases after the load of display is completed.

```html
<script src="http://js.mtburn.com/advs-instream.js"></script>
<script>
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run();
</script>
```

<a name="infeed/additional_load"></a>
## Additional load of ads

Additional load of ads is available when user arrives the lower part of website and read extra feed (UI) on feed-typed website.

- Include designating element of ad position, which is the same as initial state on DOM inserted when reading extra feed.

```html
<div data-advs-adspot-id="MjQzOjIw" style="display:none"></div>
```

- Call for `MTBADVS.InStream.Default.reloadAds()` method of SDK after reading extra feed. 
Acquire and display ads cases after calling.

```js
// Example of function called after reading extra feed
function onAdditionalFeedLoaded() {
  // ...

  // Call for “reloadAds” method of SDK
  MTBADVS.InStream.Default.reloadAds();
}
```

<a name="infeed/title_desc_length"></a>
## Shortening of the title of ads and description

Adding the option when ads are called enables to shorten the title of ads and description depending on your website.

This below is an example for description, which has up to 30 letters.

```js
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run({
   description_length: 30
});
```

Latter part of text will be cut off in order to make the description within 30 letters, and ellipsesthree dots leader `...` will be automatically added at the end of sentence. Whole description will be adjusted to make the description within 30 letters including ellipsesthree dots leader.  

These options below are capable to be assigned.

| Name of option | Description | Example of setting | Example of operation result |
|---|---|---|---|
| title_length | Assign the maximum length of title | `5` | `This is title` -> `This...`|
| description_length | Assign the maximum length of description | `10` | `This is description` -> `This is des...`|  

### Editing by callback functions

Giving the callback functions allows you to adjust the length of the string in your optional manner. Callback functions will be called right before displaying ads. The content of ads and location will be given as an argument. At this point, you can describe the process to edit the content. And also, you can edit the number of characters of item according to the position. Callback functions should be given to `before_render` option.  

The following, place `[PR]` at the head of title. The number of characters of ad spots A should be within 30, and ad spots B should be within 40 including ellipses at the end of sentence.

```js
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run({
  before_render: function(ad_info, placement_info) {

    // Insert `[PR]` at the head of the title.
    ad_info.title = '[PR] ' + ad_info.title;

    // Assign the maximum length of description for each ad spots.
    var desc_max_len = 30;
    if (placement_info.adspot_id === 'ADSPOT_A') {
      desc_max_len = 30;
    } else if (placement_info.adspot_id === 'ADSPOT_B') {
      desc_max_len = 40;
    }

    // Keep the number of characters of description within maximum length, and add ellipses at the end of text
    if (ad_info.description.length > desc_max_len) {
      ad_info.description = ad_info.description.substr(0, desc_max_len - 1) + '…';
    }

    // Return the edit result
    return ad_info;
  }
});
```

- Object of ads content will be given for the first argument of `before_render`. Please refer to [ads parameter for object’s property](#infeed/parameter).
- Object of placement position will be given for the second argument of `before_render`. Object’s property is `adspot_id` (ad spots ID).
- As for callback functions, the edited contents of ads object should necessarily be given back by `return`.

<a name="infeed/immediately_option"></a>
## Display ads faster

You can enable `immediately` option to display ads faster.

This below is an example to enable this option.

```js
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run({
   immediately: true
});
```

The option is disabled if not specified.

If `immediately` option is enabled, the ad loading and rendering process is executed immediately after `MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run()` function is called. For this reason, an ad call script must be inserted after the definition of ad template unit and elements of ad display position. And perhaps, also for this reason, other scripts may affect the M.T.Burn ad display.

If `immediately` option is disabled, the ad loading and rendering process is executed after the page load is finished. In this way, the ads may be displayed correctly in most cases but it should take longer time to display.

<a name="infeed/custom"></a>
## Customized implementation

Using `raw API` of JavaScript SDK, calling and rendering ads are available in the intended timing. Using the following explanation of API, extra implementation is needed.

<a name="infeed/custom/instance"></a>
### Create an instance

Create an instance of controller class to manage ads. Assigning ad spots ID is necessary to have constructor.

```js
var ad_controller = new MTBADVS.InStream.AdController({ adspot_id: 'MjQzOjIw' });
```

<a name="infeed/custom/load"></a>
### Sending ads request

Sending request of ads contents, and then get the information by using `loadAds()` method. Set down callback functions showed as argument after completed.  

The First argument of callback functions is returned error object. If it works well, it returns `null`.

```js
var on_ad_loaded = function(error) {
  if (error) {
    // error handling
  }

  // ...
};

ad_controller.loadAds(on_ad_loaded);
``` 

<a name="infeed/custom/getads"></a>
### Receiving ads content

It is possible to receive ads contents which was got from server by using `loadAds()` by using `getLoadedAds()` method.

```js
var ads = ad_controller.getLoadedAds();
```

A response value of `getLoadedAds()` is as below.

```js
[
  {
    "title": "testAd",
    "description": "This is test ad.”
    "click_url": "http://...",
    "main_image_url": "http://...",
    "icon_image_url": "http://...",
    "ad_id": 123,
  },
  ...
]
```

If you want to know about more details of each parameter, please refer to [clause of ads parameter](#infeed/parameter).

<a name="infeed/custom/display"></a>
### Ads display

You can show ads recieved by using `getLoadedAds()`. It needs to manage display processing.

<a name="infeed/custom/imp"></a>
### Sending notification of ads impression

After showing ads, it is necessary to notice impression by using `notifylmp()` and passing `ad_id` as parameter.

```js
var ad_id = ads[0].ad_id;
ad_controller.notifyImp(ad_id);
```

<a name="infeed/custom/additional_load"></a>
### Additional Loading

You can load more ads contents in case of reloaded feed.

Every time calling for `loadAd()` method, you can get new ads content. `GetLoadedAds()` returns all of ads had been got so far.

It needs to use an controller instance, at first. If you keep using the only one instance, duplicate advertisements are never returned.

<a name="infeed/custom/example"></a>
### Example of implementation

```js
var ad_controller = new MTBADVS.InStream.AdController({ adspot_id: 'MjQzOjIw' });

var on_ad_loaded = function(error) {
  if (error) {
    // Error handling
  }

  // Recieving
  var ads = ad_controller.getLoadedAds();

  ads.forEach(function(ad) {
    // showing ads according to ads content
    ShowAd(ad);

    // Notification of Ads impression
    var ad_id = ad.ad_id;
    ad_controller.notifyImp(ad_id);
  });
};

ad_controller.loadAds(on_ad_loaded);
```

<a name="infeed/custom/caution"></a>
### Attention

- Every time reading pages, get ads contents from server. 
Please refrain from keep using cash that you had got.
- Ads contents you get from server are arranged to profitable order. 
It is better to show superior ads at the top.

<a name="infeed/parameter"></a>
## Ads parameter

| Parameter name | Explanation | Example |
|---|---|---|
| title | title words | `TestAd` |
| description | description | `This is an test ad.` |
| click_url | URL of transition destination when click the ads | `http://click.mtburn.com/…` |
| icon_image_url | URL of icon style of quadrate picture | `http://banner.dspcdn.com/…` |
| main_image_url | URL of banner style rectangular picture | `http://banner.dspcdn.com/…` |
| ad_id | ID of ads content | `123` |

<a name="dfp"></a>
# For Using DFP (DoubleClick for Publisher)

It is possible to deliver through DFP. 
Insert tags you used, because how to implemented tags are different; whether tags are synchronized or not.

<a name="dfp/async_tag"></a>
## In case of nonsynchronous tags

- Add creatives to the order you want, and set the type of creatives `third party`.
- Insert M.T.Burn JavaScript Tag as Creative.
 - Insert JavaScript tags, ads unit template and, empty element that assigns display placement of ads.
 - In addition, it needs to insert CSS for display.
 - Insert click macro of DFP. Insert it accurately, and then it is possible to measure screen transitions and the clicks.

```html
<!--  About reading CSS. It needs to customize. -->
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="http://yourodmain/sampale.css">

<!-- Template od ads unit -->
<script type="text/advs-instream-template" data-adspot-id="NzYzOjEyMg">
  <div class="article">
    <div class="icon">
    // Insert click macro of DFP, and then write down click URL of M.T.Burn just beneath of click macro of DFP.
      <a href="%%CLICK_URL_UNESC%%{{click_url}}" target="_blank">
        <img src="{{icon_image_url}}" />
      </a>
    </div>

    <div class="contents">
      <h3>{{title}}</h3>
      <p>{{description}}</p>
      <span class="source">Sponsored</span>
    </div>
  </div>
</script>

<!-- Assigning display location of ads -->
<div data-advs-adspot-id="NzYzOjEyMg" style="display:none"></div>

<!-- Calling for ads script. -->　
<script src="https://js.mtburn.com/advs-instream.js"></script>
<script>
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run({
  before_render:function(ad_info, placement_info) {
    // You must implement this step in order to connect DFP macro.
    ad_info.click_url = encodeURIComponent(ad_info.click_url);

    // If you want, it needs to implement like wrap up description.
    // It is better to follow the procedure; otherwise the text’s jumbled.
    var desc_max_len = 30;
    if (ad_info.description.length > desc_max_len) {
      ad_info.description = ad_info.description.substr(0, desc_max_len - 1) + '…';
    }

    return ad_info;
  }
});
</script>
```

It needs to read a CSS additionally because of displaying ads in iframe.

<a name="dfp/sync_tag"></a>
## In case of synchronized tags

- Add creatives to the order you want, and set the type of creatives `Tthird party`.
- Insert JavaScript of M.T.Burn as creative.
 - Insert JavaScript such as advertisement unit template, empty element that assigns display placement of advertisement.
 - Insert click macro of DFP. Insert it accurately, and then it is possible to measure screen transitions and clicks.

```html
<!-- Template of ads units. -->
<script type="text/advs-instream-template" data-adspot-id="NzYzOjEyMg">
<div class="article">
  <div class="icon">
    <!-- Insert click macro of DFP, then put click URL of “M.T.Burn” right after -->
    <a href="%%CLICK_URL_UNESC%%{{click_url}}" target="_blank">
      <img src="{{icon_image_url}}" />
    </a>
  </div>

  <div class="contents">
    <h3>{{title}}</h3>
    <p>{{description}}</p>
    <span class="source">Sponsored</span>
  </div>
</div>
</script>

<!-- Assigning display placement of ads. -->
<div data-advs-adspot-id="NzYzOjEyMg" style="display:none"></div>

<!-- Calling for ads script -->
<script src="https://js.mtburn.com/advs-instream.js"></script>
<script>
MTBADVS.InStream.Default.run({
  before_render:function(ad_info, placement_info) {
    // You must implement this step in order to connect DFP macro.
    ad_info.click_url = encodeURIComponent(ad_info.click_url);

    // Depending on media, it needs to implement like wrap up description.
    // It is better to follow the procedure; otherwise the text’s jumbled.
    var desc_max_len = 30;
    if (ad_info.description.length > desc_max_len) {
      ad_info.description = ad_info.description.substr(0, desc_max_len - 1) + '…';
    }

    return ad_info;
  }
});
</script>
```

If you use synchronized tags, it doesn’t need to call for style sheets.

<a name="namespace"></a>
# Name space

It creates `MTBADVS` argument just beneath `window` object. Use `MTBADVS` argument, and then global namespace pollution never happens.

<a name="qa"></a>
# Q&A

<a name="qa/instream"></a>
## What is meaning of `Instream` in codes?

It has same role as `In-Feed` in the guide.
